modules/alb-logs-to-s3-to-cloudwatch/README.md, before:

# Create S3 bucket for ALB and enable lambda for move data to CloudWatch

```
module "alb-logs-lambda" {
  source              = "dasmeta/modules/aws//modules/alb-logs-to-s3-to-cloudwatch/"
  alb_log_bucket_name = "alb-access-log-test-123232234232313"
  account_id          = "56**8"
}

```

# Create lambda for move ALB s3 logs to CloudWatch

```
module "alb-logs-lambda" {
  source              = "dasmeta/modules/aws//modules/alb-logs-to-s3-to-cloudwatch/"
  alb_log_bucket_name = "alb-access-log-test-123232234232313"
  account_id  = "56**8"
  create_alb_log_bucket = false
}
```

# Create s3 bucket for ALB

```
module "alb-logs-lambda" {
  source              = "dasmeta/modules/aws//modules/alb-logs-to-s3-to-cloudwatch/"
  alb_log_bucket_name = "alb-access-log-test-123232234232313"
  create_lambda = false
}
```

<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | ~> 1.0 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | ~> 4.16 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | ~> 4.16 |

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_alb_logs_to_cloudwatch"></a> [alb\_logs\_to\_cloudwatch](#module\_alb\_logs\_to\_cloudwatch) | ./alb-to-s3-to-cloudwatch-lambda | n/a |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_cloudwatch_log_group.log](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/cloudwatch_log_group) | resource |
| [aws_lambda_permission.bucket](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/lambda_permission) | resource |
| [aws_s3_bucket.bucket](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_bucket) | resource |
| [aws_s3_bucket_notification.logs](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_bucket_notification) | resource |
| [aws_s3_bucket_policy.s3](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_bucket_policy) | resource |
| [aws_caller_identity.current](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/caller_identity) | data source |
| [aws_elb_service_account.main](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/elb_service_account) | data source |
| [aws_s3_bucket.selected](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/s3_bucket) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_account_id"></a> [account\_id](#input\_account\_id) | n/a | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_alb_log_bucket_name"></a> [alb\_log\_bucket\_name](#input\_alb\_log\_bucket\_name) | n/a | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_alb_log_bucket_prefix"></a> [alb\_log\_bucket\_prefix](#input\_alb\_log\_bucket\_prefix) | n/a | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_create_alb_log_bucket"></a> [create\_alb\_log\_bucket](#input\_create\_alb\_log\_bucket) | wether or no to create alb s3 logs bucket | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_create_lambda"></a> [create\_lambda](#input\_create\_lambda) | n/a | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_region"></a> [region](#input\_region) | Default region | `string` | `"us-east-1"` | no |

## Outputs

No outputs.
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->

Commit message:

chore(DMVP-1806): resolve alb-logs-to-s3-to-cloudwatch errors

modules/alb-logs-to-s3-to-cloudwatch/README.md, after:

# Create S3 bucket for ALB and enable lambda for move data to CloudWatch

```
module "alb-logs-lambda" {
  source              = "dasmeta/modules/aws//modules/alb-logs-to-s3-to-cloudwatch/"
  alb_log_bucket_name = "alb-access-log-test-123232234232313"
  account_id          = "56**8"
}

```

# Create lambda for move ALB s3 logs to CloudWatch

```
module "alb-logs-lambda" {
  source              = "dasmeta/modules/aws//modules/alb-logs-to-s3-to-cloudwatch/"
  alb_log_bucket_name = "alb-access-log-test-123232234232313"
  account_id  = "56**8"
  create_alb_log_bucket = false
}
```

# Create s3 bucket for ALB

```
module "alb-logs-lambda" {
  source              = "dasmeta/modules/aws//modules/alb-logs-to-s3-to-cloudwatch/"
  alb_log_bucket_name = "alb-access-log-test-123232234232313"
  create_lambda = false
}
```

<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | ~> 1.0 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | ~> 4.16 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | ~> 4.16 |

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_alb_logs_to_cloudwatch"></a> [alb\_logs\_to\_cloudwatch](#module\_alb\_logs\_to\_cloudwatch) | ./alb-to-s3-to-cloudwatch-lambda | n/a |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_cloudwatch_log_group.log](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/cloudwatch_log_group) | resource |
| [aws_lambda_permission.bucket](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/lambda_permission) | resource |
| [aws_s3_bucket.bucket](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_bucket) | resource |
| [aws_s3_bucket_notification.logs](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_bucket_notification) | resource |
| [aws_s3_bucket_policy.s3](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_bucket_policy) | resource |
| [aws_s3_bucket_public_access_block.access](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_bucket_public_access_block) | resource |
| [aws_caller_identity.current](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/caller_identity) | data source |
| [aws_elb_service_account.main](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/elb_service_account) | data source |
| [aws_s3_bucket.selected](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/s3_bucket) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_account_id"></a> [account\_id](#input\_account\_id) | n/a | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_alb_log_bucket_name"></a> [alb\_log\_bucket\_name](#input\_alb\_log\_bucket\_name) | n/a | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_alb_log_bucket_prefix"></a> [alb\_log\_bucket\_prefix](#input\_alb\_log\_bucket\_prefix) | n/a | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_create_alb_log_bucket"></a> [create\_alb\_log\_bucket](#input\_create\_alb\_log\_bucket) | wether or no to create alb s3 logs bucket | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_create_lambda"></a> [create\_lambda](#input\_create\_lambda) | n/a | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_kms_key_id"></a> [kms\_key\_id](#input\_kms\_key\_id) | (Optional) The ARN of the KMS Key to use when encrypting log data. Please note, after the AWS KMS CMK is disassociated from the log group, AWS CloudWatch Logs stops encrypting newly ingested data for the log group. All previously ingested data remains encrypted, and AWS CloudWatch Logs requires permissions for the CMK whenever the encrypted data is requested. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_region"></a> [region](#input\_region) | Default region | `string` | `"us-east-1"` | no |
| <a name="input_sse_algorithm"></a> [sse\_algorithm](#input\_sse\_algorithm) | sse\_algorithm - (Required) The server-side encryption algorithm to use. Valid values are AES256 and aws:kms | `string` | `null` | no |

## Outputs

No outputs.
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
