modules/elastic-search/README.md, before:

# module allowing to create aws elastic-search/open-search domain

## usage minimum example

```terraform
module "elastic-search" {
  source = "dasmeta/modules/aws//modules/elastic-search"
  version = "0.33.6"

  domain_name = "my-new-es-domain-name"

  vpc_options_subnet_ids = [
    "subnet-00000000000000000",
    "subnet-11111111111111111"
  ]
}
```

<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 0.13.1 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | >= 3.64 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | >= 3.64 |

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_elastic_search"></a> [elastic\_search](#module\_elastic\_search) | lgallard/elasticsearch/aws | 0.14.1 |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_security_group.elastic_search_sg](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/security_group) | resource |
| [aws_caller_identity.current](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/caller_identity) | data source |
| [aws_region.current](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/region) | data source |
| [aws_subnet.selected](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/subnet) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_access_policies"></a> [access\_policies](#input\_access\_policies) | Custom access policies, if not provided one being generated automatically | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_availability_zone_count"></a> [availability\_zone\_count](#input\_availability\_zone\_count) | The number of availability zones of ES | `number` | `2` | no |
| <a name="input_create_service_link_role"></a> [create\_service\_link\_role](#input\_create\_service\_link\_role) | Create service link role for AWS Elasticsearch Service | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_dedicated_master_enabled"></a> [dedicated\_master\_enabled](#input\_dedicated\_master\_enabled) | Have dedicated master or not for ES | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_domain_name"></a> [domain\_name](#input\_domain\_name) | The domain name of ES | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_ebs_options_ebs_enabled"></a> [ebs\_options\_ebs\_enabled](#input\_ebs\_options\_ebs\_enabled) | Whether enable EBS for ES | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_ebs_options_volume_size"></a> [ebs\_options\_volume\_size](#input\_ebs\_options\_volume\_size) | Storage volume size in GB | `number` | `10` | no |
| <a name="input_encrypt_at_rest_enabled"></a> [encrypt\_at\_rest\_enabled](#input\_encrypt\_at\_rest\_enabled) | Whether encrypt rest calls data | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_encrypt_at_rest_kms_key_id"></a> [encrypt\_at\_rest\_kms\_key\_id](#input\_encrypt\_at\_rest\_kms\_key\_id) | The KMS key id to encrypt the ES domain with. If not specified then it defaults to using the aws/es service KMS key | `string` | `"alias/aws/es"` | no |
| <a name="input_es_version"></a> [es\_version](#input\_es\_version) | The version of ES | `string` | `"7.1"` | no |
| <a name="input_instance_count"></a> [instance\_count](#input\_instance\_count) | The number of ES node instances | `number` | `2` | no |
| <a name="input_instance_type"></a> [instance\_type](#input\_instance\_type) | The node instance types of ES | `string` | `"t3.small.elasticsearch"` | no |
| <a name="input_node_to_node_encryption_enabled"></a> [node\_to\_node\_encryption\_enabled](#input\_node\_to\_node\_encryption\_enabled) | Whether to enable node to node encryption | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_snapshot_options_automated_snapshot_start_hour"></a> [snapshot\_options\_automated\_snapshot\_start\_hour](#input\_snapshot\_options\_automated\_snapshot\_start\_hour) | The amount of ours to wait to snapshot of ES db | `number` | `0` | no |
| <a name="input_timeouts_update"></a> [timeouts\_update](#input\_timeouts\_update) | The timeout update of ES | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_vpc_options_security_group_whitelist_cidr"></a> [vpc\_options\_security\_group\_whitelist\_cidr](#input\_vpc\_options\_security\_group\_whitelist\_cidr) | The list of security group cidr blocks to whitelist in ingress | `list(string)` | <pre>[<br>  "0.0.0.0/0"<br>]</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_vpc_options_security_group_whitelist_ids"></a> [vpc\_options\_security\_group\_whitelist\_ids](#input\_vpc\_options\_security\_group\_whitelist\_ids) | The list of security group ids to whitelist in ingress | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_vpc_options_subnet_ids"></a> [vpc\_options\_subnet\_ids](#input\_vpc\_options\_subnet\_ids) | The list of vpc subnet ids, if availability\_zone\_count is two you have to pass two subnet ids | `list(string)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_zone_awareness_enabled"></a> [zone\_awareness\_enabled](#input\_zone\_awareness\_enabled) | The zone awareness of ES | `bool` | `true` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_arn"></a> [arn](#output\_arn) | The ARN of the ES domain |
| <a name="output_endpoint"></a> [endpoint](#output\_endpoint) | The endpoint of the ES domain |
| <a name="output_master_password"></a> [master\_password](#output\_master\_password) | The master password of the ES domain |
| <a name="output_master_username"></a> [master\_username](#output\_master\_username) | The master username of the ES domain |
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->

Commit message:

feat(DMVP-elasticsearch): Added Advance Security Option

modules/elastic-search/README.md, after:

# module allowing to create aws elastic-search/open-search domain

## usage minimum example

```terraform
module "elastic-search" {
  source = "dasmeta/modules/aws//modules/elastic-search"
  version = "0.33.6"

  domain_name = "my-new-es-domain-name"

  vpc_options_subnet_ids = [
    "subnet-00000000000000000",
    "subnet-11111111111111111"
  ]
}
```

<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 0.13.1 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | >= 3.64 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | >= 3.64 |

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_elastic_search"></a> [elastic\_search](#module\_elastic\_search) | lgallard/elasticsearch/aws | 0.14.1 |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_security_group.elastic_search_sg](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/security_group) | resource |
| [aws_caller_identity.current](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/caller_identity) | data source |
| [aws_region.current](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/region) | data source |
| [aws_subnet.selected](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/subnet) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_access_policies"></a> [access\_policies](#input\_access\_policies) | Custom access policies, if not provided one being generated automatically | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_advanced_security_options_create_random_master_password"></a> [advanced\_security\_options\_create\_random\_master\_password](#input\_advanced\_security\_options\_create\_random\_master\_password) | Whether to create random master password for Elasticsearch master user | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_advanced_security_options_enabled"></a> [advanced\_security\_options\_enabled](#input\_advanced\_security\_options\_enabled) | Whether advanced security is enabled (Forces new resource) | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_advanced_security_options_internal_user_database_enabled"></a> [advanced\_security\_options\_internal\_user\_database\_enabled](#input\_advanced\_security\_options\_internal\_user\_database\_enabled) | Whether the internal user database is enabled. If not set, defaults to false by the AWS API. | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_advanced_security_options_master_user_arn"></a> [advanced\_security\_options\_master\_user\_arn](#input\_advanced\_security\_options\_master\_user\_arn) | ARN for the master user. Only specify if `internal_user_database_enabled` is not set or set to `false`) | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_advanced_security_options_master_user_password"></a> [advanced\_security\_options\_master\_user\_password](#input\_advanced\_security\_options\_master\_user\_password) | The master user's password, which is stored in the Amazon Elasticsearch Service domain's internal database. Only specify if `internal_user_database_enabled` is set to `true`. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_advanced_security_options_master_user_username"></a> [advanced\_security\_options\_master\_user\_username](#input\_advanced\_security\_options\_master\_user\_username) | The master user's username, which is stored in the Amazon Elasticsearch Service domain's internal database. Only specify if `internal_user_database_enabled` is set to `true`. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_advanced_security_options_random_master_password_length"></a> [advanced\_security\_options\_random\_master\_password\_length](#input\_advanced\_security\_options\_random\_master\_password\_length) | Length of random master password to create | `number` | `16` | no |
| <a name="input_availability_zone_count"></a> [availability\_zone\_count](#input\_availability\_zone\_count) | The number of availability zones of ES | `number` | `2` | no |
| <a name="input_create_service_link_role"></a> [create\_service\_link\_role](#input\_create\_service\_link\_role) | Create service link role for AWS Elasticsearch Service | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_dedicated_master_enabled"></a> [dedicated\_master\_enabled](#input\_dedicated\_master\_enabled) | Have dedicated master or not for ES | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_domain_name"></a> [domain\_name](#input\_domain\_name) | The domain name of ES | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_ebs_options_ebs_enabled"></a> [ebs\_options\_ebs\_enabled](#input\_ebs\_options\_ebs\_enabled) | Whether enable EBS for ES | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_ebs_options_volume_size"></a> [ebs\_options\_volume\_size](#input\_ebs\_options\_volume\_size) | Storage volume size in GB | `number` | `10` | no |
| <a name="input_encrypt_at_rest_enabled"></a> [encrypt\_at\_rest\_enabled](#input\_encrypt\_at\_rest\_enabled) | Whether encrypt rest calls data | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_encrypt_at_rest_kms_key_id"></a> [encrypt\_at\_rest\_kms\_key\_id](#input\_encrypt\_at\_rest\_kms\_key\_id) | The KMS key id to encrypt the ES domain with. If not specified then it defaults to using the aws/es service KMS key | `string` | `"alias/aws/es"` | no |
| <a name="input_es_version"></a> [es\_version](#input\_es\_version) | The version of ES | `string` | `"7.1"` | no |
| <a name="input_instance_count"></a> [instance\_count](#input\_instance\_count) | The number of ES node instances | `number` | `2` | no |
| <a name="input_instance_type"></a> [instance\_type](#input\_instance\_type) | The node instance types of ES | `string` | `"t3.small.elasticsearch"` | no |
| <a name="input_node_to_node_encryption_enabled"></a> [node\_to\_node\_encryption\_enabled](#input\_node\_to\_node\_encryption\_enabled) | Whether to enable node to node encryption | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_snapshot_options_automated_snapshot_start_hour"></a> [snapshot\_options\_automated\_snapshot\_start\_hour](#input\_snapshot\_options\_automated\_snapshot\_start\_hour) | The amount of ours to wait to snapshot of ES db | `number` | `0` | no |
| <a name="input_timeouts_update"></a> [timeouts\_update](#input\_timeouts\_update) | The timeout update of ES | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_vpc_options_security_group_whitelist_cidr"></a> [vpc\_options\_security\_group\_whitelist\_cidr](#input\_vpc\_options\_security\_group\_whitelist\_cidr) | The list of security group cidr blocks to whitelist in ingress | `list(string)` | <pre>[<br>  "0.0.0.0/0"<br>]</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_vpc_options_security_group_whitelist_ids"></a> [vpc\_options\_security\_group\_whitelist\_ids](#input\_vpc\_options\_security\_group\_whitelist\_ids) | The list of security group ids to whitelist in ingress | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_vpc_options_subnet_ids"></a> [vpc\_options\_subnet\_ids](#input\_vpc\_options\_subnet\_ids) | The list of vpc subnet ids, if availability\_zone\_count is two you have to pass two subnet ids | `list(string)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_zone_awareness_enabled"></a> [zone\_awareness\_enabled](#input\_zone\_awareness\_enabled) | The zone awareness of ES | `bool` | `true` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_arn"></a> [arn](#output\_arn) | The ARN of the ES domain |
| <a name="output_endpoint"></a> [endpoint](#output\_endpoint) | The endpoint of the ES domain |
| <a name="output_master_password"></a> [master\_password](#output\_master\_password) | The master password of the ES domain |
| <a name="output_master_username"></a> [master\_username](#output\_master\_username) | The master username of the ES domain |
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
