modules/aws-cloudwatch-prometheus-metrics/README.md, before:

```
module "cloudwatch-metrics" {
  source = "dasmeta/modules/aws//modules/aws-cloudwatch-prometheus-metrics" # change to the correct one.

  eks_oidc_root_ca_thumbprint = ""
  oidc_provider_arn           = module.eks-cluster.oidc_provider_arn
  cluster_name                = "cluster_name"

  providers = {
    kubernetes = kubernetes
  }
}
```

<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_kubernetes"></a> [kubernetes](#requirement\_kubernetes) | 2.12.1 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | n/a |
| <a name="provider_helm"></a> [helm](#provider\_helm) | n/a |
| <a name="provider_kubernetes"></a> [kubernetes](#provider\_kubernetes) | 2.12.1 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_iam_role.aws-cloudwatch-metrics-role](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/iam_role) | resource |
| [aws_iam_role_policy_attachment.CloudWatchAgentServerPolicy](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/iam_role_policy_attachment) | resource |
| [helm_release.aws-cloudwatch-metrics](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/helm/latest/docs/resources/release) | resource |
| [kubernetes_namespace.namespace](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/kubernetes/2.12.1/docs/resources/namespace) | resource |
| [aws_caller_identity.current](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/caller_identity) | data source |
| [aws_iam_policy.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/iam_policy) | data source |
| [aws_region.current](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/region) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_cluster_name"></a> [cluster\_name](#input\_cluster\_name) | n/a | `string` | `"dasmeta-test-new2"` | no |
| <a name="input_eks_oidc_root_ca_thumbprint"></a> [eks\_oidc\_root\_ca\_thumbprint](#input\_eks\_oidc\_root\_ca\_thumbprint) | n/a | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_namespace"></a> [namespace](#input\_namespace) | n/a | `string` | `"amazon-cloudwatch"` | no |
| <a name="input_oidc_provider_arn"></a> [oidc\_provider\_arn](#input\_oidc\_provider\_arn) | n/a | `string` | `""` | no |

## Outputs

No outputs.
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->

Commit message:

feat: make namespace creation configurable (#226)
* feat: make namespace creation configurable

* chore: fix docs

* chore: remove duplicate documentation

Co-authored-by: Karapetyan, Aram (ext.) <aram.karapetyan@proalpha.com>

modules/aws-cloudwatch-prometheus-metrics/README.md, after:

```
module "cloudwatch-metrics" {
  source = "dasmeta/modules/aws//modules/aws-cloudwatch-prometheus-metrics" # change to the correct one.

  eks_oidc_root_ca_thumbprint = ""
  oidc_provider_arn           = module.eks-cluster.oidc_provider_arn
  cluster_name                = "cluster_name"

  providers = {
    kubernetes = kubernetes
  }
}
```

<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_kubernetes"></a> [kubernetes](#requirement\_kubernetes) | 2.12.1 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | n/a |
| <a name="provider_helm"></a> [helm](#provider\_helm) | n/a |
| <a name="provider_kubernetes"></a> [kubernetes](#provider\_kubernetes) | 2.12.1 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_iam_role.aws-cloudwatch-metrics-role](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/iam_role) | resource |
| [aws_iam_role_policy_attachment.CloudWatchAgentServerPolicy](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/iam_role_policy_attachment) | resource |
| [helm_release.aws-cloudwatch-metrics](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/helm/latest/docs/resources/release) | resource |
| [kubernetes_namespace.namespace](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/kubernetes/2.12.1/docs/resources/namespace) | resource |
| [aws_caller_identity.current](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/caller_identity) | data source |
| [aws_iam_policy.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/iam_policy) | data source |
| [aws_region.current](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/region) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_cluster_name"></a> [cluster\_name](#input\_cluster\_name) | n/a | `string` | `"dasmeta-test-new2"` | no |
| <a name="input_create_namespace"></a> [create\_namespace](#input\_create\_namespace) | wether or no to create namespace | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_eks_oidc_root_ca_thumbprint"></a> [eks\_oidc\_root\_ca\_thumbprint](#input\_eks\_oidc\_root\_ca\_thumbprint) | n/a | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_namespace"></a> [namespace](#input\_namespace) | n/a | `string` | `"amazon-cloudwatch"` | no |
| <a name="input_oidc_provider_arn"></a> [oidc\_provider\_arn](#input\_oidc\_provider\_arn) | n/a | `string` | `""` | no |

## Outputs

No outputs.
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
